README.md, before:

# Ws

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.0.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Added validation and masking to task 2

README.md, after:

# Witts and Stratts Frontend Interview Task

All tasks is implemented using Angular 7.

## Task 1

### Simple Portfolio Page

The simple portfolio page is a responsive mockup of a designer’s work showcase. Your task is to implement the design, using web technologies. As an addition, you can add animation and interactivity to the items on the page as you deem fit.

[Task 1 Reference](https://s3.amazonaws.com/w-s-tasks/portfolio-page-task/index.html)

## Task 2

### Visa Payment Form

The Visa payment form is a checkout form that represents a traditional payment checkout experience for most e-commerce platforms. Your task is to create a pixel-perfect depiction of the form with your frontend tools. Like in the previous task, animation will be a good addition. Also, you can use any tool of your choice to speed up development and add any enhancement you like to make it exactly the way it was designed. Please note the credit card number is ‘masked’ to improve the user experience. It should be implemented in code
as well. 

[Task 2 Reference](https://s3.amazonaws.com/w-s-tasks/payment-page-task/index.html)

## Task 3

### Design System

In most frontend and design projects, design systems are the single source of truth which allow teams to realize and develop a product. This task is to build components that make up a design system and couple them together. You should create the components you find on screen as a webpage. No specs document will be provided for this, so you are required to use visual judgment to create an exact representation of the image. PS: you can find the complete image in the appendix. For extra points, you can implement the design system in React or VuejJS.

[Task 3 Reference](https://s3.amazonaws.com/w-s-tasks/realpixels.png) 

## Developed by

[Samuelson Okoi](https://www.samuelsonokoi.com/)
